README.md, before:

# Mock SMS Service

This is a mock SMS service that mimics the Twilio API for sending SMS messages. It's intended for local development and testing, allowing services that depend on Twilio to be developed without sending actual SMS messages.

## Prerequisites

- Docker installed on your machine.

## How to Run

1.  **Build the Docker image:**

    Open a terminal in the project root directory and run the following command to build the Docker image:

    ```bash
    docker build -t mock-sms .
    ```

2.  **Run the Docker container:**

    After the image is built, you can run the service in a Docker container with this command:

    ```bash
    docker run -d -p 8000:8000 --name mock-sms mock-sms
    ```

    - `-d` runs the container in detached mode.
    - `-p 8000:8000` maps port 8000 of the container to port 8000 on your local machine.
    - `--name mock-sms` gives the container a memorable name.

## API Endpoint

The mock service exposes one endpoint to simulate sending an SMS:

-   **Endpoint:** `POST /sms/send`
-   **Host:** `http://localhost:8000`
-   **Content-Type:** `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`

### Form Parameters

-   `To`: The recipient's phone number.
-   `From`: The sender's phone number.
-   `Body`: The text of the message.

### Example Usage with cURL

You can test the running service with a `cURL` command like this:

```bash
curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8000/sms/send' \
--data-urlencode "To=+15558675309" \
--data-urlencode "From=+15017122661" \
--data-urlencode "Body=Hi there!"
```

The server will log the received message to the console and return a JSON response.

Commit message:

add second service no-error to not return 429 and 500

README.md, after:

# Mock SMS Service

This is a mock SMS service that mimics the Twilio API for sending SMS messages. It's intended for local development and testing.

## Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose installed on your machine.

## How to Run

This project uses Docker Compose to run two instances of the mock server simultaneously, each with a different configuration.

1.  **Build and run the containers:**

    Open a terminal in the project root and run:
    ```bash
    docker-compose up --build
    ```
    This will start two containers:
    -   **Instance 1 (Error Behavior Enabled):** Available at `http://localhost:8000`. This instance will return `429` and `500` errors for specific numbers.
    -   **Instance 2 (Error Behavior Disabled):** Available at `http://localhost:8001`. This instance will *not* return `429` or `500` errors.

2.  **To stop the services**, press `Ctrl+C` in the terminal, then run:
    ```bash
    docker-compose down
    ```

## API Endpoint

-   **Endpoint:** `POST /sms/send`
-   **Content-Type:** `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`

### Form Parameters

-   `to_number`: The recipient's phone number.
-   `from_number`: The sender's phone number.
-   `body`: The text of the message.

### Example Usage with cURL

You can test the service with a `cURL` command.

**To test the success case (either instance):**
```bash
curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8000/sms/send' \
--data-urlencode "to_number=+15558675309" \
--data-urlencode "from_number=+15017122661" \
--data-urlencode "body=Hi there!"
```

**To trigger a `429` error (on port 8000):**
```bash
curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8000/sms/send' \
--data-urlencode "to_number=+14298675309" \
--data-urlencode "from_number=+15017122661" \
--data-urlencode "body=Hi there!"
```

The server will log the received message to the console and return a JSON response.
